One of the great things about being in this organization is that we get
to travel all over the world. Different commands, different ships,
uh, things like that. Sometimes you may end up at a place where you're
not happy or it wasn't a good fit. If that's the case, the first
thing you should do is seek out a mentor having a mentor to get you
through, maybe the the not so good fit or, uh, a place where you're
not comfortable and you're having challenges. Um, it's good to have
someone to speak to to talk about it. Um, that way you're able to do
a good job to be efficient and to help somebody motivate you when
you really didn't feel like you were part of this team or or organization.